standalone: Allow password fallback (#159)
northpolesec/santa: docs/concepts/mode.md

will prevent all unknown binaries from running. This means that if the binary
has no rules or scopes that apply, then it will be blocked.

##### Standalone mode (Beta)

When Santa is in Standalone Mode it will allow the user to approve their own
binaries provided they authenticate biometrically with TouchID. Upon a
successful authentication Santa will then add a `SIGNINGID` rule for the binary
if it is validly signed and a `BINARY` if it is not signed at all.

This allows a user to quickly self approve in lieu of using a sync service. If
one is using a sync service Events will still be sent up to that sync service.

> Standalone mode typically requires TouchID for self-approval because this
> requires a physical interaction and cannot be spoofed by other software acting
> as a mouse/keyboard. Unfortunately this makes Standalone mode unusable for users
> on most desktop machines or using a laptop in clamshell mode. If supporting that
> use-case is important there is a configuration option
> `EnableStandalonePasswordFallback` that can be enabled to allow falling back to
> password authentication when TouchID is not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standalone mode typically requires TouchID  or password to approve binary execution.

The configuration option `EnableStandalonePasswordFallback` can be disabled to make Standalone mode require physical access. When disabled only TouchID will be used for self-approval because this requires a physical interaction and cannot be spoofed by other software acting as a mouse/keyboard.
```

will prevent all unknown binaries from running. This means that if the binary
has no rules or scopes that apply, then it will be blocked.

##### Standalone mode (Beta)

When Santa is in Standalone Mode it will allow the user to approve their own
binaries provided they authenticate biometrically with TouchID. Upon a
successful authentication Santa will then add a `SIGNINGID` rule for the binary
if it is validly signed and a `BINARY` if it is not signed at all.

This allows a user to quickly self approve in lieu of using a sync service. If
one is using a sync service Events will still be sent up to that sync service.

Standalone mode typically requires TouchID for self-approval because this
requires a physical interaction and cannot be spoofed by other software acting
as a mouse/keyboard. Unfortunately this makes Standalone mode unusable for users
on most desktop machines or using a laptop in clamshell mode. If supporting that
use-case is important there is a configuration option
`EnableStandalonePasswordFallback` that can be enabled to allow falling back to
password authentication when TouchID is not available.

{: .note}

> Standalone mode will not override explicit block rules when Santa is configured
> to use a sync service nor will it override static rules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Standalone mode will not override explicit block rules nor will it override static rules.
```

We'd changed this behavior so this is more accurate.
